index.md, before:

% Welcome
% Séb Arnold
% October 13, 2016

<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://bootswatch.com/cosmo/bootstrap.css" />

<div class="container header-margin">
<div class="col-md-10 col-md-offset-0 row" style="margin-top:10px;">
<div class="col-md-7" style="text-align:justify;margin-top:25px;font-size:12pt;">

I am an undergraduate student at the [University of Southern California](http://www.usc.edu), double majoring in Computer Science and Math. My research interests lie in [artificial intelligence](http://valerolab.org/), distributed systems, and [mathematical optimization](http://dornsife.usc.edu/labs/msl/).

I also like skiing ([a lot](http://www.tooski.ch)).

[[Contact](mailto:arnolds@usc.edu), [Resume](./resume.pdf)]


</div>
<div class="col-md-5" style="text-align:center;">
<img src="./images/seb.png" style="max-width:250px;height:auto;margin:auto;" alt="Me and motorcycle hair" />
<p><i><small>The all-new motorcycle haircut</small></i></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>


<br />
<br />
<br />

<!--# PhD Application-->
<!--I am currently applying for graduate school ! To learn more about my undergraduate research and work experience, please follow [this link](./phd.html).-->

<!--<br />-->
<!--<br />-->


# News

#### Open-Sourcing mj_transfer
We open-sourced some [MuJoCo](http://mujoco.org/) environments for robotic transfer learning on OpenAI Gym. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/mj_transfer), [Website](http://seba-1511.github.io/mj_transfer)] 

<br />


#### Open-Sourcing randopt
I open-sourced [randopt](https://seba-1511.github.io/randopt/), a [python package](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/randopt) to streamline the search for good hyper-parameters. An effort to be [continued](https://github.com/seba-1511/randopt). 

<br />
<br />
<br />

# Projects

### randopt
Randopt is a python package to streamline the search for good hyper-parameters. It provides a programmatic interface to serialize, choose, and visualize hyper-parameters and results. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/randopt), [Blog Post](https://seba-1511.github.io/randopt/)] 

### Paperify.py
A tool to convert markdown files into beautiful LaTeX docs and web pages. A work in progress. [[Web Demo](http://seba-1511.github.io/config/), [PDF Examples](https://github.com/seba-1511/config/tree/master/tex_templates/examples)]

### Specialists
Code for the report "A Greedy Algorithm to Cluster Specialists", where I develop an algorithm for the class assignment problem in the generalist-specialist framework. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/specialists)]

### Quantum Opt
Comparing the performance of simulated annealing against a simulation of adiabatic quantum computing on Ising problems. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/quantum_opt)]

### Tooski
Simply the best skiing website ever ? [[Website](http://www.tooski.ch/)]

### ML Compare
Compare machine learning algorithms on the same dataset, with only one line. It is distributed across your cores ! [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/ZebTech/MLCompare)]

### Meritocracy
A web-based social experiment to evaluate the meritocracy of people. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/meritocracy)]

### Generatic Experiment
Uses a genetic algorithm to generate images out of a trained convnet. Also, tries to learn from the generated images only. [[GitHub Repo](http://github.com/ZebTech/geneticExperiment)]

### Tea Stock Market
Predict the fluctuations of Indian Tea Companies' stock market, based on weather data. A lot of machine learning, some financial analysis. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/stockMarket)]

Commit message:

Added link to phd page.

index.md, after:

% Welcome
% Séb Arnold
% October 13, 2016

<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://bootswatch.com/cosmo/bootstrap.css" />

<div class="container header-margin">
<div class="col-md-10 col-md-offset-0 row" style="margin-top:10px;">
<div class="col-md-7" style="text-align:justify;margin-top:25px;font-size:12pt;">

I am an undergraduate student at the [University of Southern California](http://www.usc.edu), double majoring in Computer Science and Math. My research interests lie in [artificial intelligence](http://valerolab.org/), distributed systems, and [mathematical optimization](http://dornsife.usc.edu/labs/msl/).

I also like skiing ([a lot](http://www.tooski.ch)).

[[Contact](mailto:arnolds@usc.edu), [Resume](./resume.pdf)]


</div>
<div class="col-md-5" style="text-align:center;">
<img src="./images/seb.png" style="max-width:250px;height:auto;margin:auto;" alt="Me and motorcycle hair" />
<p><i><small>The all-new motorcycle haircut</small></i></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>


<br />
<br />
<br />

# PhD Application
I am currently applying to graduate school ! To learn more about my undergraduate research and work experience, please follow [this link](./phd.html).

<!--<br />-->
<!--<br />-->


# News

#### Open-Sourcing mj_transfer
We open-sourced some [MuJoCo](http://mujoco.org/) environments for robotic transfer learning on OpenAI Gym. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/mj_transfer), [Website](http://seba-1511.github.io/mj_transfer)] 

<br />


#### Open-Sourcing randopt
I open-sourced [randopt](https://seba-1511.github.io/randopt/), a [python package](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/randopt) to streamline the search for good hyper-parameters. An effort to be [continued](https://github.com/seba-1511/randopt). 

<br />
<br />
<br />

# Projects

### randopt
Randopt is a python package to streamline the search for good hyper-parameters. It provides a programmatic interface to serialize, choose, and visualize hyper-parameters and results. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/randopt), [Blog Post](https://seba-1511.github.io/randopt/)] 

### Paperify.py
A tool to convert markdown files into beautiful LaTeX docs and web pages. A work in progress. [[Web Demo](http://seba-1511.github.io/config/), [PDF Examples](https://github.com/seba-1511/config/tree/master/tex_templates/examples)]

### Specialists
Code for the report "A Greedy Algorithm to Cluster Specialists", where I develop an algorithm for the class assignment problem in the generalist-specialist framework. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/specialists)]

### Quantum Opt
Comparing the performance of simulated annealing against a simulation of adiabatic quantum computing on Ising problems. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/quantum_opt)]

### Tooski
Simply the best skiing website ever ? [[Website](http://www.tooski.ch/)]

### ML Compare
Compare machine learning algorithms on the same dataset, with only one line. It is distributed across your cores ! [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/ZebTech/MLCompare)]

### Meritocracy
A web-based social experiment to evaluate the meritocracy of people. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/meritocracy)]

### Generatic Experiment
Uses a genetic algorithm to generate images out of a trained convnet. Also, tries to learn from the generated images only. [[GitHub Repo](http://github.com/ZebTech/geneticExperiment)]

### Tea Stock Market
Predict the fluctuations of Indian Tea Companies' stock market, based on weather data. A lot of machine learning, some financial analysis. [[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/seba-1511/stockMarket)]
